power:force:postage:bucket:kettle
factory:manufactoring place:certainty:example:subject
again:once more:badly:rarely:for sure
snack:light meal:rod:bun:marsh
pharmacy:drugstore:conservationist:rower:famine
shame:disgrace:ache:lamb:movie
icing:frosting:rafter:sickness:jester
checkup:medical examination:commemorative:restriction:boaster
aid:help:couch:robber:ship
accuse:blame:frighten:laugh softly:slap
assist:help:say:catch:menace
uncouple:disconnect:grate:capsize:push
ornament:decoration:counselor:alarm:reporter
unmask:expose:pardon:contort:mumble
perfectly:completely:originally:generally:poorly
examine:inspect:resound:pledge:adjust
slime:ooze:triplet:disdain:glimpse
foretell:predict:adhere:sleep lightly:mash
catnap:snooze:autograph:depiction:film
passion:emotion:leisure:guidance:wizard
decompose:rot:disagree:stay around:tempt
significance:meaning:small house:rider:employment
czar:Russian emperor:lumber:sightseer:embroidery
circulate:spread:bother:curse:accomplish
absurd:ridiculous:wholehearted:disastrous:helpful
reincarnation:rebirth:drape:alcohol:mortician
burden:load:bunny:hypothesis:mist
fiercely:ferociously:scarcely:handily:really
incline:slope:patron:crowd:woodman
obviously:plainly:again:overhead:beforehand
overjoyed:delighted:amusing:relaxed:marvelous
burrow:tunnel:stare:chill:mar
nincompoop:fool:jealousy:breathing:announcement
embrace:hug:bash:mature:pulsate
gab:chatter:simpleton:gain:amphitheater
smithereens:fragments:retrieval:hubbub:kindliness
sophisticated:worldly-wise:deformed:communicable:lousy
plaid:checkered:gleeful:luscious:fundamental
willful:headstrong:tremendous:famous:nutritious
wince:flinch:resign:mix:decorate
mangy:shabby:competent:living forever:remarkable
kinfolk:family:watchman:reluctance:animal doctor
jubilation:rejoicing:inlet:conservationist:squiggle
intersect:cross:tell:deduct:speculate
tram:streetcar:dramatist:bottom:mirth
converge:meet:hide:drool:leave
dozy:sleepy:uptight:kind:bright
hypertension:high blood pressure:nothing:refuge:vendor
replica:copy:motto:enrollment:kid
valuation:appraisal:colonist:fragment:trite saying
rush:hurry:brag:dig:appear
luck:good fortune:animal:tale:silence
yucky:disgusting:ready:soaring:talented
junior:younger:fatal:mad:secure
daddy:father:lamb:curve:peek
romance:love affair:baby bed:speckle:reversal
madness:insanity:young cat:stamps:chef
echo:resound:menace:be unsucessful:focus
fascinating:very interesting:uncommon:tragic:sharp
remark:comment:young dog:dried grape:pub
gather:collect:pledge:dissolve:rub out
rug:carpet:garbage:sofa:lamp
foggy:misty:absent:credible:sacred
cable:wire:puppy:sunrise:wife
better:improve:oppose:brag:try
young dog:puppy:kitty:kid:lemon
dreadful:terrible:old:rich:lucky
damage:harm:garbage:small lake:cab
topic:subject:queen:existence:village
theory:hypothesis:engine:village:taxi
applause:clapping:alarm:seasoning:fall
costly:expensive:last:central:bare
fear:dread:film:gown:pupil
similarity:likeness:chef:veterinarian:infant
provide:supply:try:defeat:bake
dare:challenge:regard:dominate:nap
habitat:natural environment:scent:argumentation:ploy
squirm:wriggle:solve:dedicate:keep
weep:sob:run away:tidy:defend
contain:hold:escape:create:get away
threat:menace:amount:holiday:director
alley:narrow street:exercise:garbage:burnt sugar
chomp:bite:currency:heartache:kindling
imposter:pretender:country:spell:aggression
trusty:reliable:ashen:soggy:finite
notify:inform:spurt:comfort:trample
enroll:register:hear:shine:fly high
informed:knowledgeable:miscellaneous:seething:terrific
disgusting:repugnant:genuine:elder:arctic
pupil:student:taxi:comment:error
tomb:grave:enrollment:blockage:label
segment:section:autograph:carousel:loafer
bachelor:unmarried man:kinsfolk:loafer:discourtesy
glisten:sparkle:tamper:bombard:divert
sac:small pouch:fury:preparation:rejoicing
depress:sadden:release:pivot:inoculate
persuasive:convincing:famished:tiny:shallow
canyon:ravine:alarm:security:presentation
nervous:uneasy:mental:junior:exclusive
characterize:describe:soothe:flex:unwind
needy:poor:stately:mammoth:neighboring
abnormality:irregularity:pilgrim:manual:sentry
resign:give up:defend:scare:inquire
bulk:mass:rapidity:foot soldiers:hospital
narrate:tell:contort:disconnect:sweat
twilight:dusk:lottery:alcohol:medical examination
scalpel:surgical knife:lottery:prison:remark
impatient:restless:tainted:concealed:grimy
dealership:franchise:trench:response:addition
essential:neccessary:sharp:elderly:immediate
distressful:worrisome:agreeable:external:legitimate
bubbly:fizzy:many:arctic:lenient
conscious:aware:depressing:bright:chubby
ban:forbid:make:nap:get away
tights:leotards:detonation:fluid:employment
